{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf390
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
{\info
{\title Abstract Submission Template}
{\author Bradford T Comer}
{\*\company Dewboy}}\margl1440\margr1440\margt547\vieww33600\viewh17400\viewkind1
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sb240\sa60

\f0\b\fs32 \cf0 Abstract Submission Template\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0

\f1\b0\fs20 \cf0 -Instructions-  PLEASE READ\
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 1.	Do not alter this template.\
2.	Anything typed outside the \'93Replace this text with your abstract title/body\'94 area will be ignored.\
3.	For scientific equations, use only standard characters, Microsoft Equations Objects, or MathType.\
4.	If you wish to embed a webpage, use the \'93Insert Hyperlink\'94 function within Microsoft Word.\
5.	Do not insert Charts or Images into the abstract.  This will cause your abstract to be rejected after submission.\
6.	Do not retype author lists.  These will be automatically added; add only your abstract in between the \'93abstract\'94 delimiters and your title in between the \'93title\'94 delimiters.\
7.	Do not alter the fonts or size/color of the text.  Such changes will be ignored and replaced with the standard.\
8.	There is a limit of 1300 characters.  However, depending on such variables as the amount of \'93white space\'94 or use of mathematical equations, some abstracts with less than 1300 characters will exceed our publication space limitations, and will be rejected. You will be able to preview your formatted abstract and check its length later in the submission process.\
9.	When saving this document.  Use \'93File -> Save AS\'92 and save as an RTF document.  Please note the location where you save this document as you will need it when you upload it using the browse button.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 -/Instructions-\
\
-title-\
Solutions to the inverse plume in a crosswind problem, using a predictor - corrector method\
-/title-\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0

\f0 \cf0 -abstract-\
A predictor - corrector method is tested and optimized to solve an inverse plume in a crosswind problem.  The results show the effects of effects of the optimizations made.  
\f1 \

\f0 -/abstract-\
\
\
}